Allow pointers to evaluate to true/false (#3656)
bpftrace/bpftrace: man/adoc/bpftrace.adoc

For example, `(uint32)5 + (uint8)3` is converted to `(uint32)5 + (uint32)3`
which results in `(uint32)8`.

> Pointers may be used with arithmetic operators, but only for addition and
> substration, and for substraction the pointer must appear on the left side of
> the operator. Pointers may also be used with logical operators; they are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pointers may be used with arithmetic operators but only for addition and
subtraction. For subtraction the pointer must appear on the left side of
the operator. Pointers may also be used with logical operators; they are
```

Author: Yikes, much obliged -- "substraction" is embarrassing :)
